The President:
(inaudible) tax cut
(inaudible) war too much.
Male Speaker: Yeah, it's
got to be --
got to catch both by surprise.
Male Speaker: No --
The President:
Can't be regular.
Can't be routine.
Male Speaker: We need
time to (inaudible).
The President: How's
it going, guys?
Male Speaker:
How are you, sir?
Nice to see you.
The President: You know,
it's good to be out.
Male Speaker: I bet.
The President:
The bear is loose.
Male Speaker: You didn't
expect to having
all these folks taking pictures.
Child Speaker: (inaudible)
The President: It's
for your birthday?
Happy birthday.
Male Speaker: You're
having a good visit.
The President: Thank you.
Thank you.
How you doing?
How's business?
Male Speaker: (inaudible)
The President: Business
doing all right?
Female Speaker: Yeah,
(inaudible) all right.
The President:
What's your name?
Female Speaker:
My name is Ann.
The President:
Good to see you.
That's my mother's name.
Female Speaker: Good
to see you -- oh.
The President: We
appreciate his service.
Female Speaker:
(inaudible)
The President:
I bet he was.
Where are you guys --
Male Speaker: (inaudible)
Maryland (inaudible).
The President: Well, it's
going
to be a wonderful, wonderful ceremony.
My grandfather was buried
at the national
cemetery of the Pacific and I
still remember,
with the ceremony and the flag
and TAPS,
and it still chokes me up every
time (inaudible).
What's your names?
Child Speaker: Cora.
The President:
Cora, good to --
Child Speaker:
This is Cora.
The President:
You're Cora?
How old are you, Cora?
Child Speaker:
She's seven.
The President: Seven?
And what's your name?
Child Speaker: Ramona.
The President: Ramona,
how old are you?
You've got your
American flag --
Child Speaker: Ramona --
The President: Aww.
Child Speaker:
Four-and-a-half.
The President: You're --
Child Speaker:
Four-and-three-quarters.
The President:
Four-and-three-quarters?
Female Speaker: Thank you.
The President: All right,
we've got some special
White House M&Ms for you.
Child Speaker: Thank you.
The President: You can't
come away empty-handed.
Good to see you.
Hey.
Male Speaker: What's
going on, guys?
Male Speaker: America.
Freedom.
Peace.
Hope and charity.
(cheering)
Male Speaker: Mr.
President,
how are you?
I'm Dan Bishop.
The President: Dan?
Good to see you.
Male Speaker: Can we
get a picture with you?
Male Speaker:
Mr. President --
The President:
Good to see you.
Male Speaker: Camden.
The President: Good
to see you, Camden.
Male Speaker:
Good to meet you.
Male Speaker: Brandon.
The President: Brandon?
Camden, Brandon.
Male Speaker: (laughs)
Female Speaker: Anna.
I'm Anna.
The President: Anna?
Good to see you.
Female Speaker:
Are you real?
The President: Yes, I am.
(laughter)
I'm not wax.
Female Speaker: Can I
take a picture with you?
Male Speaker: Yeah.
Female Speaker: Hi.
The President:
How are you?
What's your name?
Male Speaker:
Patrick (inaudible).
The President: Good
to see you, Patrick.
Female Speaker: Oh my God.
Male Speaker:
Nice to meet you.
I'm Ryan.
The President: Good
to see you, Ryan.
Female Speaker: I'm Karen.
I'm so excited.
The President:
Good to see you.
Well, give me a hug.
Female Speaker: Oh.
The President: I'm
glad you're excited.
Female Speaker: Oh.
The President:
I'm excited.
Female Speaker: Can we get
a -- can I get a picture?
The President:
Yes, you can.
Female Speaker: Oh my
gosh, this is like,
the best day of my life.
The President: (laughs)
Female Speaker:
(inaudible)
The President: All right,
you got
to get in here, right?
Female Speaker:
Oh, come on, Ryan.
00:02:21,633
Oh, Pat, do you
want one too?
The President: Come on,
Pat, you can get --
see, he'll take it.
00:02:24,700
He'll take it.
Female Speaker:
Oh, my gosh.
00:02:26,834
Someone's going to
think you're like, wax.
00:02:28,567
The President: (laughs)
00:02:29,467
Female Speaker: (laughs)
The President: Good
to see you guys.
00:02:31,300
Sorry to mess up your run.
00:02:32,667
Female Speaker:
That's okay.
00:02:33,633
The President: All right.
00:02:34,467
Male Speaker: (inaudible)
The President:
Good to see you.
Oh, you guys were
right in the middle.
You could be running
in place right now.
Male Speaker: (laughs)
The President: Come
on over, come on.
Female Speaker:
Okay, sorry.
The President:
Not a problem.
Hey guys.
Female Speaker: Hey.
The President: Sorry to
hold you up for going --
you trying to go home, and
here I am messing you up.
Drew, I'm trying to keep
-- stay loose, man.
Male Speaker: (inaudible)
The President: All right.
Male Speaker: Lewis.
The President:
Mr. Lewis, okay.
I'll call you Mr. Lewis.
Male Speaker:
Stephen Lewis
The President:
Good to see you.
Male Speaker: David Lewis.
The President:
Good to see you.
And you're David Jr.?
Male Speaker: Yes.